Preliminary pack variant docs (#30)
msupply-foundation/msupply_docs: content/docs/catalogue/items.md

This tab lists the Master Lists associated with this item.
![Item detail headers](/docs/catalogue/images/cat_itemmasterlists.png)

#### Pack Variants

Please refer to [Item Pack Variants](/docs/catalogue/pack-variants) section for more detail.

You can configure and view item pack variants in this tab. 

![pack variant tab](/docs/catalogue/images/pack_variant_tab.png)

> New pack variants are added via **New Pack Variant** button, existing pack variants are edited by clicking on the table row. Deletion can be done via editing modal or by selecting lines via checkboxes and using the 'Select' drop down option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New pack variants are added via the **New Pack Variant** button, existing pack variants are edited by clicking on the table row. Deletion can be done via the editing modal or by selecting the checkboxes and using the 'Select' drop down option.
```

Can each of these steps be broken down with screenshots that either have arrows pointed to the `New Pack Variant` button or the delete button?

When editing or creating pack variant the following modal will be shown

![edit pack variant](/docs/catalogue/images/edit_pack_variant.png)

> - **Pack Size**: The pack size of this pack variant, unique for item

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Pack Size**: The pack size of this pack variant. The pack size is unique for the item
```

> - **Abbreviation**: How this pack size will appear in UI when window space is limited

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Abbreviation**: How this pack size will appear in the UI when window space is limited
```

> - **Name**: How this pack size will appear in UI when windows space is not limited

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Name**: How this pack size will appear in the UI when there is enough space to display it
```

> Editing configurations is restricted to central server, when configurations have changed they will appear on the remote sites after synchronisation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Editing configurations is restricted to the central server and will appear on remote sites after synchronisation
```

> [![central server only](/docs/introduction/images/central_server.png '🔗 Available on central server only ')](/docs/introduction/central/#remote-site-vs-central-server)

Reviewer: This icon seems really random... doesn't really indicate anything to me... I would probably just prefer to have `central server` link to the central server docs page... can't really tell it's a link unless you hover over it...
